hi Tyra so this is my audition tape my
name is Lauren the farrier and I'm from
Toledo Ohio and I'm 21 years old I just
wanted to say I've been thinking about
this and I know that you made it
relevant in 1994 African American models
to be on the runway Whitney made it
relevant in 2008 in cycle 10 4 plus size
models to be on the runway and in 2009
with the petite cycle we attempted to
revolutionize the industry with petite
models however a five foot seven models
still one which is the minimum
requirement for a normal sized model but
when we're talking about normal let's
talk about how the average height for
American women or Canadian women is 5
foot 3 oh that's me also in South
America the average height is even
shorter at five foot one I can be the
model for those ladies so i went to john
casablancas did the model in there and
even they said I was too short and told
me that I should just go for acting but
I really want to do both and the only
reason why I'm not trying to be a
full-time model and just moving away
somewhere is because I'm in school and I
have to work full-time I work 60 hours a
week to be able to pay my own tuition
because my parents can't really help me
out my favorite person in the world is
my little sister she's literally like my
whole life I don't have some sob story
like everybody else is like I slept on
the subway for two days to get to the
audition because I was too broke to get
a hotel a lot i'm like meanwhile i'm
sitting here like hey i tire i'm happy
my life is great put me in a show it's
not everybody has to have a sob story
some people just do it because it's fun
or some people do it because they like
the end product but I do it because I'm
an artist and I like to paint I like to
do ceramics I like whatever about the
ultimate form of art to me is modeling
because I'm not just using my hands and
I'm not just using my eyes I'm using my
entire body like I can just go I like
this space put me in that space and I'll
find a way to make it pretty or forget
how short I am if there's one the reason
why i would deserve to be on tap model
because it just astounds me house cycle
after cycle after cycle Tyra says don't
ever stand like this and then 20 cycles
later they are still standing like this
and tire still has to tell them and I'm
like pull up tire side not to do that in
cycle four get real why are you still
doing I want to be on a show so that I
can learn from the best and so that I
can win but the main reason why I really
want to be on the show is so that I can
someday make a difference